docs/kubebuilder/quickstart: note on changing base runner image (#2966)
operator-framework/operator-sdk: website/content/en/docs/kubebuilder/quickstart.md

#### Build and push the image

Before building the operator image, ensure the generated Dockerfile references
the base image you want. You can change the default "runner" image `gcr.io/distroless/static:nonroot`

> by replacing its tag with another, for example `alpine:latest`, and removing

Reviewer: I think we should use the Ubi images here as an example. 
```suggestion
by replacing its tag with another, for example `registry.access.redhat.com/ubi8/ubi-minimal:latest`, and the replacing
```

Author: There's a lot of other stuff we'd need to document, ex. writing an `entrypoint` script, to get UBI images to work for the new project layout as they do with the current project layout. That's a separate issue than just documenting how to use a different base image. At the very least it's not something that should go in a quickstart guide.

On the UBI note, do we want to even mention UBI images upstream? Seems like more of a downstream thing.

> the `USER: nonroot:nonroot` directive.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the `USER: nonroot:nonroot` directive for the entrypoint as the following example. 
```

We need to suggest the users use the endpoint implementation. Also, I do not think that the default Kube image will work properly in OCP. Note that we give permissions which are recommended for the container work properly in OCP and allow it to be executed with random users. See: https://github.com/operator-framework/operator-sdk-samples/blob/master/go/memcached-operator/build/bin/user_setup#L5

It may also something that we could customize via tooling as well.

Author: See https://github.com/operator-framework/operator-sdk/pull/2966/files#r419869392.

Reviewer 2: Actually, the user setup and entrypoint stuff is probably no longer required now that we removed the stuff that modifies /etc/passwd.

We should let that disappear as part of the kubebuilder integration/migration.

> To build and push the operator image, use the following `make` commands.

Reviewer: we should suggest uss the operator-sdk commands instead of the make ones.

Author: This isn't really a change to the documentation content, just grammar. However `operator-sdk build` was only ported over for backwards compatibility with existing scripts on new project layouts. Users should be switching to `make docker-build`.
